Intro:

Our security is very crucial in this day and age, and one example of an exploit can be seen through passwords.

Within this investigation, we will discover an exploitable category of data to find different influences on password
security.

---

Within my given data,
There are 7 variables in the data I've chosen.

Rank, Password, Value, TimeUnit, Crack Time In Sec and Strength

---

Onto my Hypothesis:

1. My hypothesis is that most exploitable category are names.
2. When I transform my data, i will find a linear trend. 
4. There is a linear correlation between Rank and strength.
5. Within the most common category, name there is a linear correlation between strength and value.

---

With the data presented:

In order for me to find all the exploitable categories, I am using a bar chart. A bar chart is helpful as i can tally the categorial data against the rank. Which we can confirm that Name as a category is the most exploitable I.e. Thomas and Fluttershy.

For this one, in order for me to also present my data, I also used two plots
to show the time for a computer to brute force the password. 

the first histogram is the strength vs cateogry histogram, which shows which categories have the strongest passwords.
In this case, it seems that nerdy-pop is the strongest passwords against the computer when being brute forced. 

Afterwards, I have created a logarithmic transformation with my time against the strength. we can observe that
there is a linear trend here. 

therefore, we can speculatte that there is a regression here. 

then, we will compare the strength against the time it takes to crack the password, which we will 



This will show how many seconds it takes for a password to be cracked, 
which the smaller the bar, the faster a password within that category to be cracked.

Next, I demonstrate a linear regression in a scatter plot to see if the rank of the password
 and the strength are correlated. Within my analysis with a scatter plot, 
I realise that there is no correlation when we view the data.
Since there is no correlation when we view the graph, we can use a Pearsons exact test to double check.

This is my analysis. From the observed script, the correlation is near to 0, therefore there is no correlation.

Lastly, I demonstrate a linear regression in a Value vs Strength plot 
to see if the rank of the Strength and the Value are correlated.
 Within my analysis with a scatter plot, I realise that there is no correlation when we view the data.

And, that is my analysis.

---

Conclusion:

I was predominatly wrong in my hypothesis.

i was correct that the name was the most common password that could be exploited. 

In the histogram and the plot, I came to suprise that nerdy-pop was the strongest password category and 
that there is a 
linear trend between the time it takes to crack against the strength of the password. 

In a rank vs strength scatter plot, I've come to notice that there is no linear correlation.

In the value vs strength plot there is also no linear correlation.

With that in mind, there are some other tips as well:

---

Have a password manager.
Don't use something common.
Through our observation, this will make more unique passwords that would not be categorized.
As we realise, that passwords categorised as a name I.e. Fluttershy is more common than a RNG one.

Thank you.
